Sherpa (#5477)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/getting-started/quickstart.rst

.. note::

    On Windows, the optional dependencies ``sherpa`` and ``healpy`` aren't available.

.. note::

>     On Linux, the optional dependency ``sherpa`` isn't available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    On Linux, the optional dependency ``sherpa`` isn't installed by default.
    If required, it can be installed with `conda install -c https://cxc.cfa.harvard.edu/conda/sherpa -c conda-forge sherpa`
```
